So next, we're going to look at another category of
services called app integration services.
And when we're talking about app integration services, we're really
talking about three distinct services on AWS.
First of all, we're talking about Amazon SNS, or Simple Notification Service,
which is a managed pub/sub messaging service.
And don't worry,
we'll dive into what that means later within this
module. And then, we have Amazon SQS, which is a managed message queue service.
Now both of these services together would also be known
as the messaging services on AWS.
But in addition to those two, we are also going to look at AWS Step Functions,
and that is a serverless workflow management service on AWS.
So here's what we're going to be covering as we go
throughout this module. First of all,
we'll be introducing Amazon SNS, Simple Notification Service,
and introducing Simple Queue Service, or SQS.
And then, we're going to be exploring architectures that leverage SNS and SQS.
Then after that, we're going to be examining AWS Step Functions, and we'll even have a chance to review sample AWS Step Function usage.